Mar, tell us above how it is, let's
analyze the business model from
the perspective of the flow
of income, how you generate income.
Yes, we have several flows in
the business, there is the
flow that comes from 21bottoms
brands, in the end we are charging
a commission for sales generated
within the platform to fashion
brands, where you have different
types of brands, from the larger
brands that everyone knows,
are smaller brands, each,
all brands can have their
site and then there
is a revenue flow.
For each transaction, to explain
to people who do not know
the 21bottoms model in depth,
for each transaction that
is generated, you charge
a portion.
There is a commission.
Do we pay for the marks?
That the brands pay us, we
pay the user, at the end of
the day there is obviously a
margin for 21bottoms.
Can you say more or
less?
At this time not, people know what
it charges because it's
specified within the platform.
But well, they are the kind of commissions
marketplaces agree with
brands.
Let's go standard.
It is very simple.
Yes, that's one of the flow you said.
No, there are two, the brand
21bottoms and the 21bottoms to users.
One entry and one exit.
The main costs, what would they be?
Today 21bottoms has
staff costs.
Obviously there is a large technical
team behind to maintain the product
and technology.
And then there is a part of the marketing
team.
Then you have the whole part of
acquisition, which even if it's very
organic, something you always invest
and especially when you start in a market.
And then you have the share you
pay to users.
The variable.
That's what generates sales.
You have, we will be talking about
fixed costs, mainly it is the team
that you have divided it into
marketing and technical product.
You have a cost of customer acquisition
on the channels you use and
you have the variable cost
and it is that of each of the sales
you make income, but you have
to remunerate the prescriptor
or as we call it.